Ho Chi Minh, Vietnam.  Vietnam Ho Chi
Minh Vietnam Ho Chi
Minh, as if there were suffering in this joyful day,
this month's words have become a glorious victory,
30 years of struggle for national liberation,
30 years of democratic republic, has
succeeded. Vietnam Ho Chi
Minh Vietnam Ho Chi
Minh, as if Uncle Ho is in this joyful day,
this month's words have become a glorious victory,
30 years of struggle for national liberation,
30 years of democratic republic, resistance, divine power, Vietnam Ho Chi Minh Vietnam Ho Chi Minh Vietnam Ho Chi Minh [music] [music] As if there were suffering in this joyful day, this month's words have become a glorious victory, 30 years of struggle for national liberation, 30 years of democratic republic,
Vietnam Ho Chi
Minh Vietnam Ho Chi
Minh Vietnam Ho Chi Minh,
as if Uncle Ho is in this joyful day, this month
's words have become a glorious victory,
30 years of struggle for national liberation,
30 years of democratic republic, Vietnam Ho Chi
Minh Vietnam Ho Chi Minh
Vietnam Ho Chi
Minh, as if Uncle Ho is in this joyful day,
this month's words have become a glorious victory,
30 years of struggle for national liberation, 30 years of democratic republic, Vietnam Ho Chi Minh Ho Chi Minh
Vietnam Ho Chi
Minh Vietnam Ho Chi Minh  Ho Chi
Minh Vietnam Ho Chi
Minh Vietnam chi min
chi Vietnam
[music]